
=============
Objectives
=============
1) Generate story style math problems given a configuration that regulates the types of arithmetic operations and the numbers to be used.<br>
2) Generate simple equation problems that help kids with basic arithmetics.<br>

===============================
Arithmetic Operation generation
================================
An arithmetic operation is a representation of a simple X + Y = Z equation. The operations are formed by two operands, one operator sign (addition, subtraction, multiplication, division) and the total.<br>
<p>
Three variations of problems are generated for each arithmetic operation:<br>
1. Find the left operand: X + 2 = 5<br>
2. Find the right operand: 3 + X = 5<br>
3. Find the total: 3 + 2 = X<br>
<p>
The generator is given a maximum number which is used with two rules:<br>
1. The number is used as the upper limit to any of the problems. None of the problems generated will go over it.<br>
2. The number is used to generate all the operands that respect the first rule and ensure all operands are covered as the operations are generated<br>
<p>
As an exmple, if the number 10 is given as the maximum. Then the generator will use all the numbers from 0 to 10 to create operations. With the restriction that the operation cannot exceed 10 itself.

=================
Story generation
=================
Stories are generated by combining story templates, predefined story elements and a generated Arithmetic Operation.<br>
Each story template defines what type problem and which operator can be used with it. During run time, when an Arithmetic Operation is generated, it is used as input for the Story generation which selects among the adequate templates available.<br>
<p>
Here are some examples of stories that map to each of the three variations of problems:<br>
1. John has some bananas, then he buys 2 more. Now John has 5. How many did he had at the beginning?<br>
2. John has 3 bananas, then he buys some more. Now John has 5. How many bananas did he buy?<br>
3. John has 3 bananas, then he buys 2 more. How many bananas does John have now?<br>
<p>
